Update SB3 WAR post to highlight use of Spring Boot application props (#4227)
OpenLiberty/blogs: posts/2024-05-01-spring-boot-3.adoc

cp target/liberty/wlp/usr/servers/defaultServer/server.xml src/main/liberty/config/server.xml
----
+
3. Configure the context root in your Spring Boot `application.properties` file.
+
[source,properties]
----
server.servlet.context-path=/testpath
----
+

> 4. You can also configure the application using `server.xml`.  To illustrate, we'll set a Spring Boot property as an application argument in the Liberty `server.xml` configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. You can also configure the application in the Liberty `server.xml` file by setting a Spring Boot property as an application argument. The following example sets the logging level for the application.
```

Author: I like this overall and made a very minor tweak on top of it in 45484783eabd01d19af175959494061fffee573c

    }
----
+
6. Run the application with the Liberty Maven Plugin
+

> Although the Liberty Maven Plugin doesn't currently support dev mode when you use the optimized deployment, you can still use the lifecycle built into the 'run' goal.  We do need to do a 'package' first to get the Spring Boot `repackage` packaging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although the Liberty Maven Plugin doesn't currently support dev mode when you use the optimized deployment, you can still use the lifecycle built into the `run` goal.  We do need to do a `package` first to get the Spring Boot `repackage` packaging.
```
